1. How to Create an object in Java?

Ans. To create an object in java first we have to create the blueprint or class of an object after that we use "new" keyword of JVM to create an object.

Syntax:
class_name object_name = new class_name();

2. What is the use of a new keyword in Java?

Ans. "new" keyword in Java is used to create an object of a class.

3. What are the different types of variables in Java.

Ans. There are there variables in Java which are as follows:
 (a)Local variable
 (b)Static Variable
 (c)Instance variable

4. What is the difference between instance variable and Local variables?
Ans. 

Instance variable:

(a)Instance variables are declared directly inside the class and outside of any method.
(b)Instance variables will be created at the time of object creation and destroyed at the time of object destruction.
(c)Scope of instance variable is exactly the same as scope of object.
(d)Initially instance variables have default values "null" for strings and "0" for int values.
(e)Instance variable will be stored on the heap as part of the object.

Local variable:

(a)Local variables are declared within the method only.
(b)Local variables will be created as part of the block execution in which it is declared and destroyed once the block execution completes.
(c)Scope of Local variable is exactly the same as scope of block in which we declared.
(d)Local variables have to be initialised with some value and does not have default values.
(e)Local variable will be stored inside the stack.

5. In which area memory is located for instance variable and Local variables?

Ans. Instance variable is located inside the heap as part of the object whereas Local variables are located inside the stack.

6. What is method overloading?

Ans. Method overloading is a concept in Java where we can use the same name for different methods where method have either different number of parameters or different types of parameters.

Example:

calc(int) for int datatype
calc(long) for long datatype
calc(float) for float datatype